src/exercise/05.md, before:

# Suspense Image

## What I've learnt
-

## Background

Loading images is tricky business because you're handing the asynchronous state
over to the browser. It manages the loading, error, and success states for you.
But what if you have an experience that doesn't look any good until the image is
actually loaded? Or what if you want to render a fallback in the image's place
while it's loading (you want to provide your own loading UI)? In that case,
you're kinda out of luck, because the browser gives us no such API.

Suspense can help us with this too! Luckily for us, we can pre-load images into
the browser's cache using the following code:

```javascript
function preloadImage(src) {
  return new Promise(resolve => {
    const img = document.createElement('img')
    img.src = src
    img.onload = () => resolve(src)
  })
}
```

That function will resolve to the source you gave it as soon as the image has
loaded. Once that promise resolves, you know that the browser has it in its
cache and any `<img />` elements you render with the `src` set to that `src`
value will get instantly rendered with the image straight from the browser
cache.

## Exercise

Production deploys:

- [Exercise](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/exercise/05.js)
- [Final](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.js)

If you turn up the throttle on your network tab (to "Slow 3G" for example) and
select pokemon, you may notice that images take a moment to load in.

For the first one, there's nothing there and then it bumps the content down when
it loads. This can be "fixed" by setting a fixed height for the images. But
let's assume that you can't be sure what that height is.

If you select another pokemon, then that pokemon's data pops in, but the old
pokemon's image remains in place until the new one's image finishes loading.

With suspense, we have an opportunity to make this experience a lot better. We
have two related options:

1. Make an `Img` component that suspends until the browser has actually loaded
   the image.
2. Make a request for the image alongside the pokemon data.

Option 1 means that nothing will render until both the data and the image are
ready.

Option 2 is even better because it loads the data and image at the same time. It
works because all the images are available via the same information we use to
get the pokemon data.

We're going to do both of these approaches for this exercise (option 2 is extra
credit).

## Extra Credit

### 1. 💯 avoid waterfall

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.extra-1.js)

If you open up the network tab, you'll notice that you have to load the data
before you can load the image because the data is where we get the image URL.
You may also notice that the image URL is always very predictable. In fact, I
even wrote a function for you to get the image URL based on the pokemon name!
It's exported by `src/pokemon.js` and is called `getImageUrlForPokemon`.

```javascript
const imageUrl = getImageUrlForPokemon('pikachu')
```

Try to pre-load this at the same time as the rest of your data. This one will be
a bit trickier. I'll give you a hint. There are several ways you could do this,
but in my solution, I end up changing the `PokemonInfo` component to this:

```javascript
function PokemonInfo({pokemonResource}) {
  const pokemon = pokemonResource.data.read()
  return (
    <div>
      <div className="pokemon-info__img-wrapper">
        <img src={pokemonResource.image.read()} alt={pokemon.name} />
      </div>
      <PokemonDataView pokemon={pokemon} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

### 2. 💯 Render as you Fetch

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.extra-2.js)

Remember when we did this with 02? Now that we're pre-loading the image along
with the data, the improvements will be even more pronounced. Go ahead and put
this at the top of your file:

```javascript
const PokemonInfo = React.lazy(() =>
  import('../lazy/pokemon-info-render-as-you-fetch'),
)
```

And make that work. Then checkout the network tab and see how your waterfall has
turned into a... stone wall? Yeah!

## 🦉 Feedback

Fill out
[the feedback form](https://ws.kcd.im/?ws=React%20Suspense%20%F0%9F%94%80&e=05%3A%20Suspense%20Image&em=).

Commit message:

05_Suspense images with "render as you fetch"

src/exercise/05.md, after:

# Suspense Image

## What I've learnt
1. Make an `<Img/>` component that suspends [until](https://github.com/HelpMe-Pls/react-suspense/blob/master/src/final/05.js) the browser has actually loaded the image.
2. Make a request for the image [alongside](https://github.com/HelpMe-Pls/react-suspense/blob/master/src/final/05.extra-1.js) the data, then utilizing the benefits of "[render as you fetch](https://github.com/HelpMe-Pls/react-suspense/blob/master/src/final/05.extra-2.js)".

## Background

Loading images is tricky business because you're handing the asynchronous state
over to the browser. It manages the loading, error, and success states for you.
But what if you have an experience that doesn't look any good until the image is
actually loaded? Or what if you want to render a fallback in the image's place
while it's loading (you want to provide your own loading UI)? In that case,
you're kinda out of luck, because the browser gives us no such API.

Suspense can help us with this too! Luckily for us, we can pre-load images into
the browser's cache using the following code:

```javascript
function preloadImage(src) {
  return new Promise(resolve => {
    const img = document.createElement('img')
    img.src = src
    img.onload = () => resolve(src)
  })
}
```

That function will resolve to the source you gave it as soon as the image has
loaded. Once that promise resolves, you know that the browser has it in its
cache and any `<img />` elements you render with the `src` set to that `src`
value will get instantly rendered with the image straight from the browser
cache.

## Exercise

Production deploys:

- [Exercise](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/exercise/05.js)
- [Final](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.js)

If you turn up the throttle on your network tab (to "Slow 3G" for example) and
select pokemon, you may notice that images take a moment to load in.

For the first one, there's nothing there and then it bumps the content down when
it loads. This can be "fixed" by setting a fixed height for the images. But
let's assume that you can't be sure what that height is.

If you select another pokemon, then that pokemon's data pops in, but the old
pokemon's image remains in place until the new one's image finishes loading.

With suspense, we have an opportunity to make this experience a lot better. We
have two related options:

1. Make an `Img` component that suspends until the browser has actually loaded
   the image.
2. Make a request for the image alongside the pokemon data.

Option 1 means that nothing will render until both the data and the image are
ready.

Option 2 is even better because it loads the data and image at the same time. It
works because all the images are available via the same information we use to
get the pokemon data.

We're going to do both of these approaches for this exercise (option 2 is extra
credit).

## Extra Credit

### 1. 💯 avoid waterfall

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.extra-1.js)

If you open up the network tab, you'll notice that you have to load the data
before you can load the image because the data is where we get the image URL.
You may also notice that the image URL is always very predictable. In fact, I
even wrote a function for you to get the image URL based on the pokemon name!
It's exported by `src/pokemon.js` and is called `getImageUrlForPokemon`.

```javascript
const imageUrl = getImageUrlForPokemon('pikachu')
```

Try to pre-load this at the same time as the rest of your data. This one will be
a bit trickier. I'll give you a hint. There are several ways you could do this,
but in my solution, I end up changing the `PokemonInfo` component to this:

```javascript
function PokemonInfo({pokemonResource}) {
  const pokemon = pokemonResource.data.read()
  return (
    <div>
      <div className="pokemon-info__img-wrapper">
        <img src={pokemonResource.image.read()} alt={pokemon.name} />
      </div>
      <PokemonDataView pokemon={pokemon} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

### 2. 💯 Render as you Fetch

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/05.extra-2.js)

Remember when we did this with 02? Now that we're pre-loading the image along
with the data, the improvements will be even more pronounced. Go ahead and put
this at the top of your file:

```javascript
const PokemonInfo = React.lazy(() =>
  import('../lazy/pokemon-info-render-as-you-fetch'),
)
```

And make that work. Then checkout the network tab and see how your waterfall has
turned into a... stone wall? Yeah!

## 🦉 Feedback

Fill out
[the feedback form](https://ws.kcd.im/?ws=React%20Suspense%20%F0%9F%94%80&e=05%3A%20Suspense%20Image&em=).
