src/exercise/06.md, before:

# Suspense with a custom hook

## What I've learnt
-

## Background

React Hooks are amazing. Combine them with React Suspense, and you get some
really awesome APIs.

## Exercise

Production deploys:

- [Exercise](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/exercise/06.js)
- [Final](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/06.js)

In this exercise, you're going to create a `usePokemonResource` with the
following API:

```javascript
const [pokemonResource, isPending] = usePokemonResource(pokemonName)
```

This way users of your hook don't need to bother calling `startTransition` or
anything. Your custom hook will take care of that. Any time the `pokemonName`
changes, your hook will trigger an update to the pokemonResource.

## Extra Credit

### 1. 💯 use the usePokemonResource pre-built hook

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/06.extra-1.js)

Now that we have a hook for this, we can reuse the `usePokemonResource` hook
anywhere we need to get pokemon info and as long as the user of the hook is
rendering a suspense boundary they'll be able to interact with our hook as if
it's synchronously giving them pokemon information, drastically simplifying
their own code (they don't need to worry about loading or error states).

We've actually already got a `usePokemonResource` hook in the module
`./src/pokemon.js`, so swap your own implementation for the one that's in there
and watch the code disappear 😉

## 🦉 Feedback

Fill out
[the feedback form](https://ws.kcd.im/?ws=React%20Suspense%20%F0%9F%94%80&e=06%3A%20Suspense%20with%20a%20custom%20hook&em=).

Commit message:

06_Abstracting away complex logics into a custom hook

src/exercise/06.md, after:

# Suspense with a custom hook

## What I've learnt
- Abstracting away the fetching, caching and `Suspense`'s logic into a reusable [custom hook](https://github.com/HelpMe-Pls/react-suspense/blob/master/src/final/06.extra-1.js) to make your code more declarative.

## Background

React Hooks are amazing. Combine them with React Suspense, and you get some
really awesome APIs.

## Exercise

Production deploys:

- [Exercise](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/exercise/06.js)
- [Final](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/06.js)

In this exercise, you're going to create a `usePokemonResource` with the
following API:

```javascript
const [pokemonResource, isPending] = usePokemonResource(pokemonName)
```

This way users of your hook don't need to bother calling `startTransition` or
anything. Your custom hook will take care of that. Any time the `pokemonName`
changes, your hook will trigger an update to the pokemonResource.

## Extra Credit

### 1. 💯 use the usePokemonResource pre-built hook

[Production deploy](https://react-suspense.netlify.app/isolated/final/06.extra-1.js)

Now that we have a hook for this, we can reuse the `usePokemonResource` hook
anywhere we need to get pokemon info and as long as the user of the hook is
rendering a suspense boundary they'll be able to interact with our hook as if
it's synchronously giving them pokemon information, drastically simplifying
their own code (they don't need to worry about loading or error states).

We've actually already got a `usePokemonResource` hook in the module
`./src/pokemon.js`, so swap your own implementation for the one that's in there
and watch the code disappear 😉

## 🦉 Feedback

Fill out
[the feedback form](https://ws.kcd.im/?ws=React%20Suspense%20%F0%9F%94%80&e=06%3A%20Suspense%20with%20a%20custom%20hook&em=).
